Populate Fragments for Polymorphic data structures (#1293)
strapi/documentation: docs/developer-docs/latest/developer-resources/database-apis-reference/rest/populating-fields.md

#### Deeply populate a dynamic zone with 2 components

Dynamic-zones are highly dynamic content structures by essence.

> When populating them you have the choice between applying a unique behavior for all the dynamic zone's components or defining per-component's populate queries using the `on` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When populating dynamic zones, you can choose between:
- a shared population strategy, applying a unique behavior for all the dynamic zone's components 
- or a detailed population strategy, defining per-component populate queries using the `on` property.
```

My only suggestion for this PR (so that we use the same "shared/detailed" wording as in the examples)?

Author: Thanks!
